Add tea.xyz spam packages impact blog post (#187)
rubygems/rubygems.github.io: _posts/2024-04-14-the-implications-of-crypto-rewards-on-rubygems_org.md

## Investigating the Anomalies

As with any deviation in the ecosystem, we began an investigation. We considered multiple scenarios:

- A spam attack to overwhelm our system.
- A cover for malicious activities.
- A scheme to manipulate tea.xyz ranking system.

What struck us was that many of these gems were published under account with otherwise legitimate packages.

Digging deeper, we discovered that these accounts linked to a gem with over 100,000 downloads, which had its GitHub source changed after six years to include a `tea.yaml` file. This was a moment in our investigation that suggested the activities were aimed at exploiting the tea.xyz protocol rather than harming our ecosystem.

## Addressing the Issue

This realization led us to tighten our gem publishing limitations and increase monitoring for non-malicious but unexpected user behaviors. During the cleanup, we had minor delays in gem index updates; however, it was temporary. We also took strict action against accounts solely created for spamming, ensuring they didn't disrupt the community further.

## Conclusion and Appeal

> While rewarding open-source contributions may seem noble, it can lead to unintended consequences, affecting RubyGems.org and other platforms, as detailed in [this](https://www.web3isgoinggreat.com/?id=teaxyz-spam) article. At RubyGems.org, we've encountered exploitation attempts that divert our resources and undermine trust and collaboration within our community. We remain committed to maintaining the integrity of RubyGems.org and supporting the broader open-source community, urging others to refrain from exploitative practices like the one described in this incident report.

Reviewer: Instead of linking "this", you can rewrite  as "as detailed in [web3isgoinggreat.com](https://www.web3isgoinggreat.com/?id=teaxyz-spam) article"...

> While rewarding open-source contributions may seem noble, it can lead to unintended consequences, affecting RubyGems.org and other platforms, as detailed in [this](https://www.web3isgoinggreat.com/?id=teaxyz-spam) article. At RubyGems.org, we've encountered exploitation attempts that divert our resources and undermine trust and collaboration within our community. We remain committed to maintaining the integrity of RubyGems.org and supporting the broader open-source community, urging others to refrain from exploitative practices like the one described in this incident report.

Reviewer 2: Incorporating @simi's suggestion plus a little grammar change.

```suggestion
While rewarding open-source contributions may seem noble, it can lead to unintended consequences, affecting RubyGems.org and other platforms, as detailed by this [web3isgoinggreat.com article](https://www.web3isgoinggreat.com/?id=teaxyz-spam). At RubyGems.org, we've encountered exploitation attempts that divert our resources and undermine trust and collaboration within our community. We remain committed to maintaining the integrity of RubyGems.org and supporting the broader open-source community. We urge others to refrain from exploitative practices like the one described in this incident report.
```

> While rewarding open-source contributions may seem noble, it can lead to unintended consequences, affecting RubyGems.org and other platforms, as detailed in [this](https://www.web3isgoinggreat.com/?id=teaxyz-spam) article. At RubyGems.org, we've encountered exploitation attempts that divert our resources and undermine trust and collaboration within our community. We remain committed to maintaining the integrity of RubyGems.org and supporting the broader open-source community, urging others to refrain from exploitative practices like the one described in this incident report.

Reviewer 2: Also adding some language to make it clear that we take strong action against accounts caught doing this.

```suggestion
While rewarding open-source contributions may seem noble, it can lead to unintended consequences, affecting RubyGems.org and other platforms, as detailed in [this](https://www.web3isgoinggreat.com/?id=teaxyz-spam) article. At RubyGems.org, we've encountered exploitation attempts that divert our resources and undermine trust and collaboration within our community. We remain committed to maintaining the integrity of RubyGems.org and supporting the broader open-source community, urging others to refrain from exploitative practices like the one described in this incident report. The RubyGems.org team takes these incidents seriously and accounts found violating terms or abusing the service will be blocked and ownership access revoked.
```

Author: @martinemde 
since there was a conflict in between your suggestion and previous suggestion I resolved them in the article itself. I added your suggestion.
